docs: fix broken links on using workflows section (#14278)
github/docs: data/reusables/actions/workflows/section-triggering-a-workflow-paths.md

If you define both `branches`/`branches-ignore` and `paths`, the workflow will only run when both filters are satisfied.

> The `paths` and `paths-ignore` keywords accept glob patterns that use the `*` and `**` wildcard characters to match more than one path name. For more information, see the "[Filter pattern cheat sheet](/articles/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#filter-pattern-cheat-sheet)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `paths` and `paths-ignore` keywords accept glob patterns that use the `*` and `**` wildcard characters to match more than one path name. For more information, see the "[Filter pattern cheat sheet]/actions/using-workflows/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#filter-pattern-cheat-sheet)."
```
